[Music]
thank you can you all hear me I don't
want you to miss any of my invective
everyone can hear I was just talking am
i had no one no one asked me what the
title of my speech was going to be and I
thought I I had a really good one two
weeks ago I wanted it to be Donald Trump
America's greatest president because I
figured if he keeps his promises he will
be America's greatest president and also
I kind of assume everything you guys
hate about him I love about him however
we have these cro-magnons not many of
them but in in America and they are
defending every single thing Trump does
he sells out the base and you see all
these tweets online or blog posts going
up oh you don't see what he's
accomplished here he's playing 3d chess
if I hear that 3d chess thing one more
time
I'm gonna track them down and kill their
children they are really not helping we
need to hold his feet to the fire he's
very easily distracted
so maybe the title would be Donald Trump
America's great president with a
question mark well leave it we'll leave
it at that if you are familiar with my
work you know that I was Donald Trump's
first supporter even before Donald Trump
thought he could win he won me over with
a Mexican rapist speech and there was no
turning back it's not like he's some
master political strategist he didn't
come up the way most politicians do he
wasn't a senator he wasn't a governor he
was a reality TV star he just saw this
thousand dollar bill lying on the ground
and said hey anybody else gonna pick
this up I think I'll pick this up
because for 20 years both political
parties have been lying to us they win
an election but the American people
don't win no their job
still outsource their manufacturing
plant gets move to China they there
their wages are going down like mad as
cheap labor is dumped on the country
their kids are boxed out of college by
affirmative action for immigrants new
people being brought in that's what a
win for the Republican Party looks like
but that wasn't what a win looks like
for Donald's sure no he was the first
person in my lifetime well I guess there
was Reagan who came along and said I'm
gonna put America first Americans first
on trade on immigration on war on jobs
who could have guessed that
but appealing to this small niche of the
voters the American people would be so
popular no one in the no one in the
Republican brain trust no they were they
were blown away by that for years my
party my ex party is now the trumpian
Republican Party but the ex the official
GOP or Republican party they're there
their position has been you know you
want to run for a Republican they say oh
yeah okay fine that's great here are
these issues you need to take you're
going to be for massive tax cuts for
pointless wars for destroying the
entitlement programs it's like saying
you know here we're gonna give you some
leg weights and blinders and hear this
80 pound backpack for you to carry with
you
well luckily for Trump you didn't need
the donors he didn't need the party so
he could just run on the popular issues
he could take one from from each side
whatever whatever is popular he can do
it it was as if all the other Republican
candidates and mostly talking about
Republicans here because that's the big
shake-up it's as if they all said no no
we're we're too dignified to take
steroids we won't run on those popular
issues and Trump said screw it I'm
taking steroids so it wasn't as if
voters looked around and thought oh look
there's this tacky goes reality TV star
let's make him president that would be
fun no they finally had someone who was
offering them a chance to vote on the
issues they've been dying to vote on for
30 years obviously the biggest issue
ran and won on was immigration at every
single campaign stop build the wall
build the wall it was that the line that
Lant
launched a thousand hats posters signs
chants prototypes and the left the left
who's upset about this because number
one lots of cheap labor is really good
for the rich they get to look like big
humanitarians
even they got the house cleaned so they
got one e to the maid and they got to
strut around like their Martin Luther
King it's it was it's also great for the
Democratic Party the Democratic Party
weirdly enough hasn't been able to get a
majority of white Americans to vote for
them since 1948
other than the aberrational 1964
landslide that's kind of a tough record
to run on if you can't get any white
Americans to vote for you so Democrats
just looked around the country and said
okay you won't vote for us Americans
fine we're bringing in ringers and
that's what they did with Teddy
Kennedy's 1965 Immigration Act
apparently our entire lives have to be
dedicated to if you know honoring the
ascendancy of this one Irish Catholic
Catholic family everybody in the Kennedy
family gets a prize so you know Bobby
and and JFK got to have civil rights but
Teddy what it was in his room pouting
and wouldn't come out until he got his
own legacy so they gave him civil rights
for the entire world like the belief of
some weird hippie cult the rest of the
world has a right to move here and you
have to support them that's that's our
immigration policy now so instead of
people who had been populating America
for the first four centuries of its
existence which was mostly British Isles
Germany and Western Africans suddenly we
were taking the poorest of the poor
people from the most divergent cultures
if it was like no this isn't going to be
difficult enough that they're poor and
have no skills like let's make sure they
also don't speak our language and we
have taken in
now more than 50 million immigrants 85%
of them this is since the 65 act it
really started in 1970 15 million
immigrants 85% from the third world
driving down wages harming the working
class and the Democrats don't care
they're getting the votes and the
Republicans don't care because their
donors want the cheap labor
unfortunately since Trump became
president he has not really been
pedal-to-the-metal on his promises but
his campaign proved these are the
popular issues the three pillars of his
campaign that neither party that no one
in either other of the two parties would
offer us were no more just an end to
this low wage immigration definitely
illegal immigration and end to
job-killing trade deals and an end to
pointless Wars I was just telling them
backstage at the South Carolina before
the South Carolina primary in South
Carolina is one of the most conservative
states in the US and very very very
pearl military they have loads of
military bases there during the
Republican debate
akise jeb Bush's brother George Bush of
lying us into the war in Iraq and
although I don't think any lying was
involved you know looking back on it
would you do it again anyway everybody
said this was this was suicide to say in
front of a very pro a walk Iraq war
Republican primary audience Trump one
South Carolina and he won it big the no
more pointless Wars was a pillar of the
Trump campaign in fact for one candidate
who was the closest of trumps issues was
weirdly enough Bernie Sanders but more
when he was a socialist than when he
became a Democrat back when he was a
socialist he used to say oh no open
borders in fact when he first started
his campaign he was giving an interview
I think it was with Ezra Klein at Vox
and and Ezra Klein liberal journalist
starts talking about oh well you're for
open borders and he said no that's a
Koch brothers idea if you don't know who
the Koch brothers are there's they're in
the face of evil in America
this is the big Republican well that I
used to think they were on my side no no
they just Bernie Sanders is right they
just want the cheap labor and they don't
care what happens to ordinary Americans
what do they care they're citizens of
the universe but what Trump's campaign
showed contrary to you know these
geniuses in the Republican brain trust
in Washington is there actually is
something more important than donor
money and that's voters Jim Bush was
supposed to have an unbeatable or Jeb
exclamation point as his campaign billed
him he was supposed to have an
unbeatable trust humor appraised 140
million before the first primary and
might I think he got three delegates no
there is something more important than
money you need to have voters Trump
showed Republicans how to get voters and
I actually can't believe that they're
not the ones who are who are holding
Trump's feet to the fire to keep his
agenda I thought after that election
after the American people vote for
really a somewhat implausible candidate
to be President of the United States I
thought they'd be sending in trucks of
depends to Washington when they all
realize oh my gosh the Republican people
hate us we have to stand for re-election
but no no no it's it's back to business
as usual
and unfortunately Trump is like he is
like a couch cushion he bears the
impression of the last person who sat on
him and right he snapped his White House
I didn't stab it he staffed his White
House ten feet deep with people who hate
his agenda and everyone I'm a writer
everyone's always trying to give me a TV
show or a rape show but I'm not really a
job person I find it more useful to to
read and and pace an impotent rage but I
finally thought of a TV show I'd like to
have it's only one episode it would be
me and I'll be hooked up to a polygraph
machine too I will invite in all of the
members of the Trump White House put
them on a polygraph machine
and I'll ask them one question didn't
you vote for Donald Trump that's all I
want to know because right now I mean
I'm assuming Trump voted for himself and
I think his speechwriter did and I think
that's about it
so you know if he had to run for
re-election now I think his big campaign
slogan would have to be I'm still not
Hillary I mean that there are good
things about that Hillary was promising
to take us straight to hell we'd be in
the backseat Oh can't be stopped I have
to go to the bathroom I'm so hungry go
no no we keep driving we can be there by
midnight
but drums promised to take us away from
hell and I don't know I've been looking
at the GPS since since the inauguration
and I keep wondering you know I think to
tap him on the shoulder GPS says we're
going in the wrong direction sir no no
no we can make it I'm gonna turn this
around well okay he can still make it
but ya gotta turn things around I I mean
to have the first big legislative
accomplishment of his first year tax
cuts I I'm a Republican
I love tax cuts but that's not what he
ran on half of his voters don't pay
taxes they want jobs tax cuts I'll end
with this because I'm dying to take your
questions I'm gonna you know really I
think they're really fun and I'm very
nice nicer than I'd be to a liberal on
TV so I'm throwing a few things by the
wayside they'll come up in Q&A I'm sure
and that is the reason Trump supporters
didn't care about the Access Hollywood
tape the reason he could have shot
someone on Fifth Avenue the reason his
support was like temperance steel was
because Republicans have been lied to so
many times over and over and over again
and here there was this wild anime who
never backed down even when he said
crazy stuff we thought
finally maybe this liminal keeps to his
promises if he betrays the voters you
will not see the rage and fury of the
base not the ones I was describing with
a 3d chess but the real base like like
there will be against against Donald
Trump he will not be able to get them
back there is no number of rallies he
can hold and promising to build the wall
he's got to build the wall and right now
he's looking at two paths he could be he
could be America's greatest president if
he keeps his campaign promises he could
be up on Mount Rushmore he could be
greater than Ronald Reagan because we
are so close to the end right now we are
in overtime when the game is tied we got
three outs left and and our three
strikes left if he if he makes it he'll
be it'll be the greatest year on the
greatest president America has ever had
but if he doesn't he will be the man who
wrecked America
thank you I'll take your questions
[Music]
[Applause]
so thank you for your speech I'm gonna
steer away just a little bit from the
questions about Trump and focus a little
bit more on some of your own comments
and beliefs so in 2014 you told Fox News
instead of arguing about whether or not
we're allowed to describe Muslim
terrorists as Muslim terrorists why
don't we argue about whether or not it's
a good idea to be letting in so many
immigrants who blew up the Boston
Marathon and indeed last year the Union
hosted kissa Khan who you called an
angry Muslim with a thick accent do you
not think that making comments like this
unnecessarily caused extreme racial
tensions and blames those who have
nothing to do with such crimes no I
don't think so because I mean there's a
we're talking about a specific policy
with the Boston Marathon why are we
letting in all of these asylees we were
warned three times about the Boston
Marathon bombers the Russian government
called the FBI called the CIA but no we
gotta getta me and gotta get them in
just got to keep getting in people who
might possibly vote Democrat and clean
Nancy Pelosi's house on the side so you
know III mean you'll notice I didn't
even mention the prospect that some of
them will end up you know flipping out
and committing terrorist acts are
slaughtering Americans at the pulse
nightclub at San Bernardino and the 9/11
terrorists themselves what's the upside
I mean with most things in life there's
there's an upside and there's a downside
you know taking showers and baths it
wastes a lot of water we need to
conserve water but on the other hand we
don't want people to smell so we're not
gonna worry about the wasted water
okay the downside of mass Muslim
immigration and we're taking more
immigrants from Muslim countries so we
happened for 20 years more both since
9/11 more immigrants from Muslim
countries than we do from the entire
British Isles our mother country why why
wouldn't it be easier if they spoke
English I mean just the speaking English
part just the amount of money we spend
on English as a Second Language classes
but no I'm certainly not saying that
that that okay most Muslims aren't
terrorists they're lovely people
what but still they cost us money what's
the upside do you not think that
singling out rather than just singling
out the perpetrators of the crimes and
going for the group as a whole and
making the generalized statements it can
cause tensions that actually harm the
lives of many know will in fact I'll get
to that second part gunner harm anyone
it hasn't I mean right after Trump was
elected there were all these fake hate
crimes every single one of them turned
out to be affect every single one the
alleged attacks on synagogues that was
some Jewish kid he fled he never got
prosecuted he went back to Israel the
other one for the ax synagogue attacks
was a black social justice warrior
working at BuzzFeed and every single one
of the Muslim hijab attacks Americans
are nice people I mean they're really
it's it's hurting them that they're that
they're generous and nice people and I I
mean I understand that sentiment and I
love that about America and I hate that
you know I have to be the bratty one
pointing out that we got to stop being
so nice because it's hurting our country
but it is hurting our country and you
know okay nobody else has to break a
sweat but but I'm gonna be out there
trying to save the country even if it
hurts people's feelings Americans aren't
mean it is not causing key jobs to be
ripped off it is called causing
Americans to be falsely accused of
ripping off hey jobs so kind of moving
on to talk about immigration which you
touched upon your speech and you've
called all immigrants a halt on live TV
and the news I didn't you know I'm gonna
talk to milania's lawyer who sued before
you guys have much better slander rules
and I salute you for that Oh for pete's
sake he said I'll say what he will you
know what he said but it was asshole and
on America on fake News CNN they said
the full word and he's my bodyguards
won't they have someone worked for fake
news very fake news CNN they said they
fully said shit hole over and over and
over and over again because you know
they're so offended on other networks
the standard thing to say was s hole and
the way they do
scribed it on I think it was good
morning Britain they described it it was
like sixteen hundred words a
scatological expression that we will not
mention and I'm listening to it thinking
I know what he said and I don't know
what you're talking about so I was just
trying to be accurate and using whatever
it was saying asshole you know like a
whole but it was asshole they lied and
you can see the tape
I wouldn't slip and say asshole
it was asshole sure okay but you all say
I think I'm gonna collect a lot on that
so I mean the first lady is also an
immigrant herself do you not think that
there are lots of immigrants who have
brought a lot of good to the US and the
US economy how do you feel about again
kind of saying that we should ban
immigration no of course there have been
some good immigrants but that's all
we've been hearing about and we need a
break for a while I mean America takes
half more than half of the entire
world's refugees so you people don't get
snooty with me we take more than half of
the entire jaw entire nation entire
world review I'm a Mexico take a few I'm
trying to take a few I'm on Israel take
a few no we we have to stop America
needs a little me time
sure okay so moving on moving on from
talking about that then you've also been
known for saying that you're not our
anti LGBT but you're against gay
marriage is that correct oh yeah okay so
do you not think that just as you have
certain rights to freedom such as the
right to free speech do you not think
that freedom should apply here too
well first of all I have a huge gay male
fan base and none of them want gay
marriage so I gotta side with them on
this so that's point one and point two
no I mean the put look the point two
what is the point of a point of marriage
is it's the most civilizing it's how you
create you don't have live in Lord of
the Flies it's the way you bring kids
into the world and you raise them and
you need a mommy and
and I mean people from single-parent
families don't like to hear this but the
research and I wish wish them luck but
the research is pretty overwhelming that
it's it's not a day at the beach being
raised even you know in a single-parent
family you do need mommy and daddy you
need both the masculine influence and
the female influence and I suspect and
we've already seen the results as we all
suspected the gay divorce rate is
through the roof but the idea the point
of marriage is not to make people feel
good about themselves it is to create
this environment for creating civilized
little human beings so you'd be against
kind of gay couples who aren't married
as well from adopting children yes okay
gee so people have said that your looks
have contributed to your success how do
you feel about this oh why thank you do
you think that women need to use their
parents to get ahead especially in
public facing roles
I just want to mold that question for a
while because I love it so much it's
funny because I always thought I'd have
to instruct the left they had to get
there they had to get their attacks on
me again get together and coordinate
because it was either that I was the
ugliest thing that ever lived or I was
only on TV because I was pretty I
definitely prefer the latter no I mean I
don't know I mean you take what did I
don't think I'm that good looking but
you take whatever advantages you have
what I am is a writer my biggest
advantage is that I'm gonna I'm gonna
agoraphobic to stay home and read so
what is it that you what do you think is
the secret behind your success then
based kind of in the political world and
doesn't author
I think it's blind hatred
just it gets me up in the morning I can
stay up all night researching they had
just about won the debate on Joe
McCarthy but I will stay up all night to
know I like to research and write I mean
I will tell you because you young people
and this is actually I think useful
advice for you well for one thing don't
go to law school but for another thing I
think it's very useful to get batted
around a bit when you first graduate
there's so many jobs out there you you
don't even know they exist and what I do
I love and I would do free don't tell my
publisher but I am people used to ask me
if I preferred the writing the books or
the researching or sorry the research
and writing or the publicizing the books
because it's fun to go on TV it's fun to
be interviewed too but I realized I
think it was when I wrote demonic I was
so happy I was so happy I was having so
much fun researching it and I I like not
having a job I like not having to wake
up to an alarm clock and I could just
keep reading until late at night and run
things down and I'd like to do my own
original research
I don't believe secondhand sources as
you'll know if you read demonic I went
back to get which wasn't easy the actual
the actual trial of Marie Antoinette
because the the secondary sources from
you know allegedly impressive historians
kept there were slight discrepancies
particularly about her son being able to
testify and I didn't think he can talk
but anyway I got the I Ord the
transcript and it was really funny I'm
gonna feel like a detective and I put a
lot of work into them so anyway that's a
long way of saying I get more products
when I haven't had a cigarette I'll try
to speed it up there a lot do what you
love and you'll be good at it just keep
don't just go into something because
this is what you always thought you were
gonna do just keep because I did go to
law school what a waste of time that was
so and we actually had Roger stone visit
us a few weeks ago now and we discussed
the possibility of a Michelle Obama
candidacy at the next presidential
election and how do you feel about that
um I'd be surprised if she's interested
I'm I bet right now is Camilla Harris if
she runs I say it's Kamla because the
Democratic Party I mean I alluded to
this very briefly in my speech the
Democratic Party really did become a
lifestyle party in the 90s they used to
be the party I mean probably the old
Bernie Sanders could have been a
Democrat rather than a socialist the
Democratic Party was allegedly about the
working class and men it must have
pained them to pretend to care about
people who live in Indiana because the
Democrats do not give a crap about the
people between Los Angeles and New York
don't give a crap about them and when
Clinton came along he brought that the
the two sides together basically you
know the very very poor welfare
recipients immigrants and Wall Street
and Hollywood and now it's fantastic
because you know Wall Street their
politics align with their social
interests they were always for you know
drugs and rock and roll and now Clinton
and Chuck Schumer and Hillary Clinton
don't worry we're gonna take care of
Wall Street too so that you know leaves
the entire middle part of the country
[Music]
it's it's a new world it's the weirdest
thing one Bernie Sanders and Donald
Trump or the closest the two candidates
were any two other candidates Bernie
Sanders used to be for gun rights okay
so I think it would be fair to say that
you face a fair amount of criticism
throughout your career um how do you
deal with the criticism like do you take
it personally I love it I like the
clever attacks better and that's why I
genuinely do like speaking on college
campuses I wrote about this at the
beginning of one of my books I think I
think if liberals had any brains
there'll be Republicans I wrote about my
college speeches and it was quite
noticeable
to me I probably have given more college
speeches than then than anyone else and
at the better colleges I could tell how
bad the protests were going to be and
how bad the questions would be and
mother the questions would be
interesting questions like your
questions are or if it would just be you
know kids standing up stamping their
feet and calling me a fascist um and it
was basically do you get to turn it by
the SAT scores and I hate to say this
because I hate Harvard but Harvard and
Yale they were fantastic they were
really fun they're clever questions
they're interesting and it's fun okay
say you don't mind taking on that and as
for the vicious ones and just you know
the stamping your feet and tell it
saying I'm ugly um I mean I don't really
mind them I'm glad I'm getting under
their skin I just not that
intellectually stimulating well let's
hope the questions today a good then so
with that I think let's take some
audience questions I see a hand that's
gone out right straight at the front
over there hi Ann I've seen or heard you
along the Howie Carr show and I just had
a quick question about we've seen
numerous instances of heinous yet
preventable crimes committed by illegal
aliens and I think that could stem from
a cultural difference between America
and third world countries what do you
booth specifically makes third world
countries incompatible with American
values no that's a really wonderful
question I thank you for asking that I
cover it in adis America
America is very unique along with our
mother country and this this comes out
in a lot of a lot of defense lawyers
statements one guy defending it's it's
in the book defending a couple of Iraqis
for raping two little girls and he said
look in other parts parts of the world
there isn't as much respect for a for
women and children America is unique in
the world the defense lawyer is saying
this there was a judge in New York I
forgot his name right now but a Chinese
man had killed his
wife with a claw hammer because she had
committed adultery on him their son came
home he just greets the son at the door
saying you know hi son just killed mom
he's covered with blood and the judge
gave him probation saying that in
Chinese culture it would be so
humiliating for a man to be cuckolded
this we have to understand their culture
there were there was I'll just give you
one more a Rakhi and the Mexican woman
married they had a child this was out in
Illinois this actually showed up on one
of my favorite crime shows Forensic
Files
luckily the Iraqi man was under
suspicion for terrorism so the FBI had
been wiretapping his house their
daughter started to date a black kid at
school they were so angry at her for
disciplining the family by dating a
black kid they killed her and it was all
on tape so the quotes from the jury were
pretty and the prosecutor they all said
I've never heard anything like this I'll
never get this out of my head and the
mothers holding her down as the father
is saying you'll die tonight and he's
stabbing her to death and the defense
that was made with lots of college
professors showing up and the Iraqi
community all telling newspapers no you
have to understand this was very
humiliating for the family you have to
understand in our culture and you know
we've just gotten kind of used to we can
spread our values around the world
without destroying our own values
anglo-saxon values toward women and
children and the elderly and the weakest
members of society are as all of these
lawyers I've just cited unique in the
world yes we can assimilate people we do
a great job of simulating people but
there's a reason the main well
anti-immigration group in in the u.s. is
called numbers USA you can't do it when
you're bringing in this many people and
there
living in the same neighborhoods and the
street signs are changed to the to the
to their languages and their customs
there was an official in then in the
Clinton administration who said you know
we've passed the time where people where
immigrants have to assimilate to our
values it's about time we assimilate to
their values so you know I just want to
give a warning to well my fellow
American women and I guess I guess
British women you have no idea how good
you have it and it's gonna change if we
at least in my country it's been going
on a long time we just need a break we
just need a pause we'll pick up the
immigration again after that but we need
to take some time to assimilate the ones
already here or there just before we
move on to the next question I think we
can all agree that the crimes that you
just described are absolutely disgusting
but at the end of the day it's not just
migrants who are immigrants who are
committing these crimes people who have
lived in America bonded
of course I'd love to be able to deport
our criminals if you want to take them
perhaps we could work out a deal we
can't do anything about the criminals
who'll who we already have we don't have
to bring in more criminals we don't mean
the rest of the world's criminals we
don't need the rest of the world's poor
people we got our own poor people and
look that I'm telling you a federal
judge said he would not have given
probation to an American man who killed
his wife
he gave probation to this man because he
came from a different culture that is
changing our culture that is not
equality before the law but again going
back to the refugees that we spoke about
earlier do you not think that there's
something kind of you know cruel about
leaving them to suffer and all these
different parts of the world where
there's terrible wars going on do you
not think that you know as humans every
human life matters um yes of course but
I think we can help them better in situ
why I mean why do we have to bring them
to our country it's much cheaper to help
them where they are and also at a
certain point we got to save ourselves
the lifeboat is gonna sink otherwise and
I mean I think it's bad for me as an
American but I'd say it's pretty bad for
the whole rest of the world when America
isn't out there as a force for good in
the world and we've tried to be there's
some time many times I disagree with I'm
sure many times you disagree with but we
certainly try to go around the world
making it better and saving people from
warlords and sending in food and trying
to shut down their drug dealers and
defeating the Nazi war machine when
there's no America as a as a force for
good in the world I really think you're
looking at a thousand years of Darkness
so we gotta save ourselves should get to
the next question I can see a hand just
stay with that yeah in the red jacket
I'd like to thank ankles are for giving
a better comedy set here than she did
the roast of Rob Lowe firstly but I was
great sure but so I'm really interested
that you are so willing to defend like
anglo-saxon values of like women and the
elderly when you have a president who
literally said that he was going to grab
women by the pussy you had an incredibly
high profile rape case of Brockton or
where he got off because it would impact
his schooling do you not think wait what
are you talking about what's the second
one Roxanna oh okay you're finally some
food right do you not think that when
you characterize such crimes as only
coming from immigrant communities only
coming from refugees and this sort of
notion of incompatibility with these
values all you're actually doing is
ostracizing these people and creating
the discontent towards the West that you
say is endemic to these countries but
it's actually probably something that
you are inflaming first
you know we only have an hour I will
assume any question denouncing me has
met with wide approval and we can cut
down on the applause point one and this
is a lie that the media keeps keep
spreading that Trump said he commits
that he grabs women's keywords he was
talking about celebrity culture he said
when you are a celebrity they let you do
it it can win that case and summary
judgment in court they let you do it so
to be I mean making a comment it's quite
clearly true a lot of some portion of
women are willing to do a lot of things
for money to be with a celebrity to get
on Fox News the brach know I think I got
the question okay I'm sorry I'm not I'm
not that offended okay he was course but
he didn't say he does this he happens to
be I mean he is kind of an he's the kind
of person who brags about things he
didn't do that's a different kind of
idiot and I think that is that's what
we're talking about and I don't think
the feminists are particularly offended
that he used the P word otherwise they
wouldn't be marching around with with
those hats whoa you've been really
offended
I wouldn't behave in such a coarse way I
think the most shocking thing about that
tape really didn't get any attention he
claimed it was hitting on a married
woman and the funniest part about it was
the married woman's reaction was you
were hitting on me furniture shopping is
an aphrodisiac you gotta get your game
up I mean that I thought was somewhat
more offensive except it was so
innocuous the woman didn't even know she
was hitting on him okay yeah there was
there was one weird case that bra case
that was covered like the
eleven attack one drunk guy with a drunk
one woman there were more cases of white
men being falsely accused Duke Lacrosse
UVA Ferguson
I mean Indian Oh a mattress girl like
Columbia the girl that walks around with
a mattress on her back and then he
finally releases the the emails he sent
to her know they're there
white men on college campuses are far
more falsely accused than then guilty
but what what we're talking about is is
not the numbers we're talking about
bringing in people we don't already have
living in our country okay yeah I'm all
walking up our own criminals again I'd
love to deport them I'd love to send
them to you if you love them so much I'd
love to but we can't
they're already our citizens why would
any country bring in criminals we don't
already have
we're full-on criminals we got them and
as for having other cultures hate it's
fine go ahead hate us I want you to aid
us in your own country I can see a
question just by the front yeah and
their orange scarf yeah hello I was
quite interested as you were giving your
speech you said you know you thought the
Republican establishment and the Koch
brothers are on your side but it turns
out they just want the cheap labor
laybourne Bernie Sanders was right and
then you know very disappointed in
president because he said all these
things that you wanted him to do and he
also has turned out possibly to be not
what you who'd wanted so on some sort of
quite big things the political things
you know you've turned out to be quite
wrong and well the Republican
establishment that I quote you to say I
thought they're on my side and they're
not my party has left me because they're
fake whatever my point just being that
you've just said that on these two
things you're quite wrong and my coming
out is saying I'm quite wrong look on
the weatherman I'm gonna tell you how
the web
if it's raining it's raining if it's
sunny it's sunny you support stuff I
support it now they don't but my my
point being that can you then
convincingly defend your own judgment
based on that because you're a
mischaracterization yes of course I can
I will absolutely 100% would you do the
exact same thing with Donald Trump I
would write in Trump We Trust I think I
explained that in my speech but I will
go on and explain it even more
definition of insanity is never no
question done yet because they the
mumbling as I'm talking is going to get
very distracting
no of course he was the only choice we
had we've been waiting there was no one
else even offering it to us of course
people knew yeah maybe he's not reliable
maybe he won't do it but he's the only
game in town I would write the same book
I would introduce him at rallies I mean
like I say the the upside is and for any
politician who wants to take those
issues now we know these are the popular
issues but it's all I mean every other
election has been I don't know why do
people in vote Republican because
they're not Democrats and why didn't
Democrats vote Republican or a Democrat
because they're not Republicans but
Americans haven't been able to vote on
the things they wanted to vote on you
get lip service on immigration you get
lip service on bringing jobs back when
you have 16 absolute lunatics 17 when we
if we throw in Hillary and Bernie
Sanders completely flipping as soon as
he runs for president as a Democrat he
was better as a socialist than a
Democrat he was for gun rights he was
against open borders suddenly he runs as
a Democrat and then he forgets about the
laws of supply and demand oh no I guess
dumping millions of millions of low-wage
people on and on America won't hurt
other low-wage workers but no of course
I do the same thing we see we see how
things turn out
should we go to the question in the
aisle just there yeah yeah just there
yeah I was wondering if you could
comment on why you have systematically
denied the existence of climate change
especially in relation to your comment
last summer that it was more believable
that hurricane Harvey had hit Houston
because they had to open the game mayor
then because of climate change you know
I really am the original Trump
well you can't attack me unless you lie
about what I said Mike what my tweet was
I do not believe hurricane Harvey hit
Houston because they have an openly
lesbian mayor but that's more believable
than it was caused by climate change and
why is that
that's the quote and man I wish we had a
little global warming right now I am
freezing to death we've been hearing
about this for 30 years and one was
let's say somebody waited are you
allowed to have your little iPhones in
here could you google when when Al Gore
was first warning that if we don't do
something immediately the world it was
like 30 years ago we didn't do anything
and the world was still here
so should we take the question right in
the corner of there the lady in the
green jumper in the corner of the room
at the right of the back hi thank you
for your speech this evening when you
make comments such as for example more
white men in high schools have been
accused falsely of rape than actually
committing where are your sources you
said several statements throughout the
entire speech which you're perfectly
validated to have those opinions but I
would like to know what states what
facts what figures you're backing up
with I am making the wild leap that if
there were if after living through the
Duke Lacrosse case which roiled our
country for a good six months with
criminal prosecutions being brought
against lacrosse players the whole thing
was nonsense it was made up the the
prosecutor what are you defending the
prosecutor who was disbarred there Eric
you okay well okay and we have a peanut
gallery that supports false accusations
against white males oh my gosh their
parents houses and it was because oh
they're so rich and they're so white and
it was white privilege and the whole
thing was nonsense
Rolling Stone then ran the story about
Haven Monahan which is how I make
restaurant reservations now that is such
a great name Haven Monahan allegedly
inviting this girl to a completely
innocent frat house being raped on a on
a glass table gang-raped with the girls
back into the shards of glass and I'm
reading through this article when it got
to her saying one of the frat boys said
move its leg I said okay I'm calling BS
on this story whereas you know the rest
of the media was whoo it gave me
goosebumps
that was that was believed for about two
weeks there was a liberal journalist
Richard Bradley who started saying
not believed in it and he was viciously
attacked by feminists for saying he
thought it was suspicious eventually it
did come out the whole thing was made up
by a delusional woman and and just
bought wholesale by a reporter at
Rolling Stone who wanted to believe it
mattress girl at Columbia was featured
you know this this heroine it was her
art school project you carry him
mattress around on her back carry that
weight it was called she was she was
written up on the cover of front page of
the New York Times the entire mainstream
media believed it and then as I
mentioned the student who allegedly had
raped her released her texts to her both
before and after and and it was clearly
nonsense he was allowed to finish I
think he got a settlement against
Columbia for their absolute absence of
due process if there were a real case
out there I'm thinking our media would
have covered it so so we have the one
the Brock what's his name the Stanford
case which again this is one guy one
girl both smashed he's a bad person yeah
I should have gone to prison but when
that gets covered by 9/11 I think we can
be sure that's the only case they have I
think maybe got time for one more
question
Oh pressure so yeah no pressure if we go
to the hand at the back again just that
yeah I'm just quite interested by your
defense of American values you don't
think there's like an extent of
arrogance about your suggestion like
that America has so much better values
than the rest of the world that you've
lifted lots of like ways they're better
you yourself acknowledged that it's
generosity that allows immigrants to
come to America what right like what
right do you think you necessarily have
to tell other cultures that you're
supposed values that allow like Hillary
to be like essentially like her whole
campaign devalued on account of her
being a woman like them you can say what
you want that they didn't happen
hate crimes but people are huge amounts
of like racism in your police force in
your like systematically across the
country do you really think these like
better values and the rest of the world
that you can't learn anything from
immigrants no I don't think I I know I
yes we can learn some things from
immigrants but yet the question as I
understand it is why do you want to to
spread your values to the rest of the
world look that's fine that's fine okay
if they don't want them I'm really fine
I was America first before Trump was
America first I really just want to take
care of our own country but we are
bringing in values that are that are
demonstrably at odds ends with with a
majority of Americans the treatment of
women and children the honor killings
the clitoral rectum ease the the ripping
off of government programs I mean we're
dealing with crimes that our police
force we have no immunity to it we're
not used to this kind of thing it's it's
manifestly obvious that certain
different ethnic groups excel at and
different cultures excel at different
kinds of crimes we're used to for one
thing we're used to criminals being gone
which has been a great advantage you
know they kill their spouses for $10,000
of insurance money and leave their DNA
all over the place no now we're getting
criminals who have high IQs they come
from cultures where it's not
embarrassing to be a criminal it's great
it's cool you ripped off the government
I mean our government programs are like
a Disneyland for immigrants one of the
things the the Iraqi and the Mexican
woman who honor killed their daughter
for dating a black kid one of the things
he was on the tape saying was oh I love
American so great I can game all these
welfare programs I mean that that goes
into the idea of a country being a
family and caring about one another it's
one thing when we are paying in enormous
taxes in order to take care of you know
somebody else's kid who's born without a
liver or born with spina bifida okay
this is what we're agreeing to we're all
we're all Americans were in this
together but when we're bringing in
immigrants not only with very different
values but who need liver transplants
and they're taking the liver transplants
then that was kind of for our own people
you take care of your people we take
care of our people and I'd also say
since this is the last question just let
me expand and say one more thing I mean
the left loves to talk about diversity I
mean I think I'm the person who truly
loves diversity I want I want to go to
England no you want us to be all one
blend and look the same and there's no
difference anything I want to come to
England and meet people named you know
Nigel and Simon and Oliver and you know
I want to hear your prissy little
accents and I want to go to Germany and
I want the streets to be really clean
and the trains to run on time and go to
the Netherlands and I can see their
clogs and their tulips and they have
their own little weird you know the
stuff we eat I just think cultures
should be preserved and it's easier to
preserve cultures if they stay in their
own countries that's the true diversity
so yeah unfortunate that's all we've got
time for this evening but if you could
all join me in saying thank you to Anton
for joining us evening
[Applause]
you